Probably one of the biggest benefits of DevOps is
the introduction of Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment,
or us we just call it, CICD.
With tools such as Jenkins or Circle CI,
which are tools for continuous integration and deployment,
these tools are going to help developers push features out a lot faster.
Well, we have a continuous integration pipeline.
What we do is, we monitor the repository.
We continuously monitor the repositories.
So every time the developers check-in new code,
this will trigger an automatic process that's going to
continuously build, perform unit test,
and possibly deploy as well to a development environment or a test environment,
the latest version of the software.
Now, once this process goes on because usually the developer will need
several weeks or days or weeks to create a new feature and test it properly.
Once this is done,
we end up running the exact same continuous deployment pipeline
all the way to production,
which runs the deployment that I just mentioned a moment ago.
The deployment will trigger
those necessary steps to get the software properly running in production,
without you having to worry, "Oh,
did I forget this library file that's also required by the software?
Did I forget to change the configuration file?"
You don't forget anything when you have a script that's automated,
performing the task exactly the same every single time.
So predictability is number 1 in DevOps,
you want everything to run automated as possible.